Added definition for java and it's perspective. (#163)
cherryontech/website: src/assets/content/dictionary/java.md

---

> title: Application Programming Interface (API)
> definition: ''
> perspectives: []
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Bug: The repeated keys here break the build, so you can remove them and it should unbreak the build.

title: Java
definition: Java is an object-oriented programming language that produces software for multiple platforms. When a programmer writes a Java application, the compiled code (known as bytecode) runs on most operating systems (OS), including Windows, Linux and Mac OS. Java derives much of its syntax from the C and C++ programming languages.
sources:

> - sourceurl: [https://www.techopedia.com/definition/3927/java]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- sourceurl: https://www.techopedia.com/definition/3927/java
```
suggestion: Syntax correction - remove unneeded brackets

perspectives:
- meaning: A perspective designed for working with Java projects. It consists of an editor area and the following views:

> Declaration

Reviewer: question: I don't quite understand this perspective - can you tell me what Java means from your perspective? It might help to think of the perspective area as the following:
"As a <role>, <term> means <meaning>." This might be something like, "As a backend developer, Java means a language I use to code web, mobile, or desktop applications."

---
title: Java
definition: Java is an object-oriented programming language that produces software for multiple platforms. When a programmer writes a Java application, the compiled code (known as bytecode) runs on most operating systems (OS), including Windows, Linux and Mac OS. Java derives much of its syntax from the C and C++ programming languages.
sources:
- sourceurl: https://www.techopedia.com/definition/3927/java
perspectives:

> - meaning: As a developer i used java for backend for developing mobile applications and also used for problem solving for data structures and algorithms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- meaning: a language to be used backend for developing mobile applications and also used for problem solving for data structures and algorithms.
```

> role:Developer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 role: Developer
```
